[//]: # (This file is autogenerated)
# Scripts

Scripts are located in the 'home/scripts' folder. Home-manager add those in the user's path.

## blue-light-filter

blue-light-filter is a feature that reduces the amount of blue light emitted by your screen, which can help reduce eye strain and improve sleep quality. This module provides a set of scripts to control blue-light-filter on your system.
It use hyprsunset to control the screen temperature.

- `blue-light-filter-on` activates blue-light-filter.
- `blue-light-filter-off` deactivates blue-light-filter.
- `blue-light-filter` toggles blue-light-filter.
- `blue-light-filter-status` checks if blue-light-filter is active. (0/1)
- `blue-light-filter-status-icon` checks if blue-light-filter is active. (icon)

## Brightness

This module provides a set of scripts to control the brightness of the screen.

- `brightness-up` increases the brightness by 5%.
- `brightness-down` decreases the brightness by 5%.
- `brightness-set [value]` sets the brightness to the given value.
- `brightness-change [up|down] [value]` increases or decreases the brightness by the given value.





## Hyprpanel

Quick scripts to toggle, reload, hide & show hyprpanel.

- `hyprpanel-toggle` - Toggle hyprpanel (hide/show).
- `hyprpanel-show` - Show hyprpanel.
- `hyprpanel-hide` - Hide hyprpanel.
- `hyprpanel-reload` - Reload hyprpanel.



## OpenVPN

OpenVPN allows you to connect/disconnect quickly to a openVPN server

- `openvpn-up` turn on the vpn
- `openvpn-down` turn down the vpn
- `openvpn-toggle` toggle the vpn





## Screenshot

This module provides a script to take screenshots using `grimblast` and `swappy`.

- `screenshot [region|window|monitor] [swappy]` - Take a screenshot of the region, window, or monitor. Optionally, use `swappy` to copy the screenshot to the clipboard.

## Sound

This module provides a set of scripts to control the volume of the default audio sink using `wpctl`.

- `sound-up` increases the volume by 5%.
- `sound-down` decreases the volume by 5%.
- `sound-set [value]` sets the volume to the given value.
- `sound-toggle` toggles the mute state of the default audio sink.

## Suspend and screen lock

suspend-and-screen-lock is a simple script that toggles hypridle (disable suspend & screenlock).

- `suspend-and-screen-lock-status` - Check if hypridle is running. (0/1)
- `suspend-and-screen-lock-status-icon` - Check if hypridle is running. (icon)
- `suspend-and-screen-lock` - Toggle hypridle.



## Zen mode

A simple script to toggle focus on few windows in Hyprland.
(disable gaps, border, shadow, opacity, etc.)

- `zen-mode-on` - Enable zen-mode.
- `zen-mode-off` - Disable zen-mode.
- `zen-mode-toggle` - Toggle zen-mode.

